Add support for disabling transactions per database in `ActiveRecord` (#53139)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

*   Add support for disabling transactions per database.

    This allows you to disable transactions for a specific database, which can
    be useful for read-only connections.

    ```ruby
    ActiveRecord::TestFixture.setup_transactions do
      # return a hash of database names and whether transactions should be used

>       { "primary" => true, "readonly" => false }

Reviewer: I think a simple array of the ones you don't want to use transactions for is better than supporting the hash. 

1) The hash is a less ergonomic API. By default transactions are on, so having an API that lets you turn them on when passing true for any doesn't change behavior, seems confusing, and not generally useful.
2) the hash makes the internal code way more complicated than it needs to be.

I'm thinking:

```
ActiveRecord::TestFixtures.ignore_transactions = [:primary]
```

> *   Add support for enabling or disabling transactions per database.
> 
>     This allows you to enable or disable transactions for a specific database,
>     overriding the default setting specified by `use_transactional_tests`. This
>     can be useful for read-only connections.
> 
>     ```ruby
>     ActiveRecord::TestFixture.use_transactions_tests = true
>     ActiveRecord::TestFixture.skip_transactional_tests_for_database(:readonly)
>     ActiveRecord::TestFixture.set_transactional_tests_for_database(:primary)
>     ```
> 
>     Calling `set_transactional_tests_for_database` enables (or disables if you
>     pass false) transactions explicitly for the named database. Calling
>     `skip_transactional_tests_for_database` disables transactions for the named
>     database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   Add support for enabling or disabling transactional tests per database.

    A test class can now override the default `use_transactional_tests` setting
    for individual databases, which can be useful if some databases need their
    current state to be accessible to an external process while tests are running. 
    
    ```ruby
    class MostlyTransactionalTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase
      self.use_transactional_tests = true
      skip_transactional_tests_for_database :shared
    end
    ```
```
